fix: Update vGPU How-To guide in light of profiles (#261)
citynetwork/docs: docs/howto/openstack/nova/new-vgpu-server.md

and
[{{brand_compliant}}](../../../reference/features/compliant.md#virtualization)
regions, you can instantiate virtual machines --- or simply _servers_
--- with virtual GPU (vGPU) support. For that, you may either use the

> {{brand}} Dashboard or the `openstack` CLI utility.

Reviewer: Please don't invent another term for CCMP.

```suggestion
{{gui}} or the `openstack` CLI utility.
```

Author: No, no new term.

## Prerequisites

Although not strictly necessary, it is certainly helpful to have some
familiarity with [creating servers in {{brand}}](new-server.md).

## Instantiating a vGPU server

=== "{{gui}}"

>     Following the instructions in the [server creation How-To
>     guide](new-server.md), go ahead and instantiate a new cloud server.

Reviewer: Parallelism: use the same terminology as in the CLI section.
```suggestion
    Following the instructions in the [guide on creating servers](new-server.md), go ahead and instantiate a new cloud server.
```

Author: Yes.

    While you're at it, choose a region where you can have vGPU servers. One
    such region would be `Stockholm/Sweden`.

    ![Create new object](assets/new-vgpu-server/shot-01.png)

    Also, when selecting a server profile, make sure you indicate the one
    named _GPU_.

    ![Create new object](assets/new-vgpu-server/shot-02.png)

    Regarding the image your new vGPU server will be based on, your only
    option is `Ubuntu 22.04 NVGRID x86_64`.

    ![Create new object](assets/new-vgpu-server/shot-03.png)

>     Notice that the disaster recovery mechanism is _not_ available for this
>     type of server.

Reviewer: I think it would be a good idea to drive home what this means, like so:

```suggestion
    Notice that the disaster recovery mechanism is _not_ available for this
    type of server.
    You will not be able to [restore the server to a snapshot](restore-srv-to-snap.md).
```

Author: It is a good idea, yes.
